So let's say we went ahead and we exported these by, say, setting an endpoint, going to the end,
setting an outpoint, hitting command and or going up to file export boom, you know, setting the right
preset for wherever it was going.
Let's say this one is going to YouTube.
So, boom, you two that four k max out the settings, all the stuff that we've done earlier in the
course, making sure that the audio is at three hundred and twenty bit rate.
Perfect.
There we go, titling it properly, putting it in the proper folder, hitting export or adding it to
the render queue.
But now let's say we've done that process with our 16 by nine aspect ratio.
This is a standard 16 by nine, which all video cameras shoot at.
But if we want to do a square or a nine by 16 for an Instagram story, let's first do that.
Now, what we want to start with doing is taking all of our shots and nesting them into one single sequence.
That way we have everything from that whole sequence.
We can move and manage all as one shot.
So if I scale it down, it's scaling down that whole amount of footage.
So let's undo that.
And let's go to the actual sequence itself.
This is our sequence right here that we're working with this one, with all of our 15 second cut downs.
I'm going to go to the settings by right.
Clicking it, go to sequence settings.
And now we can change the aspect ratio and the amount of pixels, the height in the width of our sequence.
So what I'm going to do is go ahead and scale this down, and we're going to start with doing a square
aspect ratio.
So I'm going to copy the vertical and I'm going to paste it into the heiss or the horizontal.
What that's going to do is make the horizontal and vertical the same exact ratio.
This is great for normal Instagram posts.
Now, if I play this through, there is going to be a good chance.
It's some of these shots will need their framing adjusted.
So what we can do is play it.
Take a deep breath.
OK, so for that first shot, her body is really out of frame, so I'm going to make a cut just so I'm
working with this clip, skewed it over.
Take a deep breath.
Close your eyes.
Breathe it all the way out.
Let's say we want to do that same thing for this one.
Boom.
Make a cut.
See, the world will come back.
Boom, right there.
And scoot over.
That all the way up.
And I actually want to mention something you can do a cool thing once you start changing the aspect
ratio for, let's say, an Instagram post.
You can actually take the nested sequence that you made and do a keyframe for, let's say, the position.
Let's go to the end of the clip.
Make another keyframe now.
Go to the beginning and let's scoot it over.
So that now when we play it back, there's going to be a nice panning motion for me.
And boom, you see that.
So before we have.
And with that panning motion, you could do the same thing with Zoom.
But let's keep moving.
All these are looking good.
But by.
Open your eyes, see your star.
OK, perfect.
Yeah, we can even add, let's say we wanted to take this final shot.
You can scoot it over and we can go to the beginning of it.
Create a scale keyframe and let's see the scale and position key frame.
Go to, let's say, the end.
Create another key frame.
And we can zoom in.
Boom, one 10, scoot it down and move, let's say, over here so that when we play it and boom, you're
moving and zooming out so that it didn't really work.
It doesn't look amazing for this one.
So I would fine tune that a little bit.
But just a little cool addition that you can do.
Now, let's say you're super happy with that.
You're ready to share to Instagram.
Let's go to export.
You know, do the proper settings.
Let's say we want it for a mobile device at 10 ATP.
Now we have these black bars on the side.
So what we need to do is have our video sequence, not at 19, 20 by 10, 30, that's standard 16 by
nine.
And we want to match our new sequence settings, which is going to be this square aspect ratio.
Now we have this edit, this cut down, ready to go directly to Instagram.